Added GPT-2 model (#2658)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: models/public/GPT-2/README.md

# GPT-2

## Use Case and High-Level Description

> The `GPT-2` model is a transformers model pre-trained on a very large corpus of English data in a self-supervised fashion. GPT-2 is trained with a simple objective: predict the next word, given all of the previous words within some text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `GPT-2` model is a one of Generative Pre-trained Transformer (GPT) model family, pretrained on a very large corpus of English data in a self-supervised fashion. The GPT architecture implements a deep neural network, specifically a transformer model, which uses attention in place of previous recurrence- and convolution-based architectures. Attention mechanisms allow the model to selectively focus on segments of input text it predicts to be the most relevant. GPT-2 is trained with a simple objective: predict the next word, given all of the previous words within some text.
```

Author: Done

## Specification

| Metric            | Value            |
|-------------------|------------------|
| Type              | Text Prediction  |
| GFlops            | 293.0489         |
| MParams           | 175.6203         |
| Source framework  | PyTorch\*        |

## Accuracy

Accuracy metrics obtained on [WikiText-2 raw character level data](https://blog.einstein.ai/the-wikitext-long-term-dependency-language-modeling-dataset/) dataset for converted model.

| Metric     | Value  |
| ---------- | ------ |
| Perplexity | 29.00% |

## Input

### Original model

Image, name: `input`, shape: `1, 1024` in the format `B, L`, where:

- `B` - batch size
- `L` - sequence length

### Converted model

Image, name: `input`, shape: `1, 1024` in the format `B, L`, where:

- `B` - batch size
- `L` - sequence length

## Output

### Original model

1. Prediction scores of language modeling head, name: `output`, shape: `1, 1024, 50257` in the format `B, L, S`, where:

    - `B` - batch size
    - `L` - sequence length
    - `S` - vocab size

> 2. Pre-computed hidden states, names: `274, 289, 503, 518, 732, 747, 961, 976, 1190, 1205, 1419, 1434, 1648, 1663, 1877, 1892, 2106, 2121, 2335, 2350, 2564, 2579, 2793, 2808`, shape: `1, 12, 1024, 64` in format `B, N, L, S`, where:

Reviewer: do we need them or you can just remove them during  postprocessing?

Author: These outputs are removed during conversion to IR.

Reviewer: yes, but you can align behaviour for onnx too, just remove from model code return of these layers

Reviewer: it allow your demo working with both model representation

Author: Done
